c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\bin\Debug\Assets\Logo.png
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\bin\Debug\Assets\SmallLogo.png
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\bin\Debug\Assets\SplashScreen.png
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\bin\Debug\Assets\StoreLogo.png
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\bin\Debug\ITS8.exe
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\bin\Debug\ITS8.pdb
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\bin\Debug\ITS8.build.appxrecipe
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\obj\Debug\BlankPage.g.i.cs
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\obj\Debug\BlankPage.g.cs
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\obj\Debug\BlankPage.xaml
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\obj\Debug\ITS8.exe
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\obj\Debug\ITS8.pdb
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\itsCon\ITS8\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
